DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Nightmare in Doomsville!\"
You know fellas, I'm not so sure we should have come
to the Doom Dimension...
Yes but, we're here to save Dan and Drago!
See anything, Shun?
Not good...
You've all got a case of Doom Gloom...
C'mon guys, let's do this!
Julie is right, Runo...
We came to the Doom Dimension by our own free will
to find Dan and Drago...
This is our mission!
Alright, what d'ya say we saddle up...
and we all go this-a-way, buckaroos...
No!
We go that-a-way!
Hey, I wanna be trail boss!
And I want to find Dan!
Whaaat?
Treat me like I'm the idiot!
Oh, that's rich, Gorem, real rich!
Well okay then, let's follow the big lug with a brick
for a brain!
Hey look!
I see someone's coming!
Dan!
Hey look, Danny boy!
And Drago!
Drago! Look!
What are they doing here?
Oh thank goodness you're safe!
Well I for one knew we would find you!
I told them all along they had absolutely nothing
to worry about!
Thanks for comin'...
But ya realize this is the Doom Dimension?
Did Masquerade send you here?
You did this on purpose...
No need to thank us, Danny...
it was our pleasure...
Ah man, I can't believe you guys are such complete
idioooottttsss!
Listen Mr. Smarty pants, every one of us came here
to rescue you !
Do you pinheads realize we could be trapped here
forever?
What in the world were you thinking anyway?
About you!
So are you saying...
you want us to leave you alone here?
Well no...
Take it out on me...
It was my idea...
Don't listen to Shun...
We all decided to come to this place!
Marucho's right!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers do everything as a team!
Ah man...
that is so...
cool...
I appreciate this guys...
thanks...
Real touching!
Now what'd ya say we get our little hinnies outta here
lickety split, huh?
Yes, but which way is out?
No clue...
I should have done that a long time ago!
Well, wasn't expecting that!
But now let's get on with business, shall we?
If we think we can get out of here,
then it will happen!
Who's with me?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I get the feeling you're not
buying my plan...
Oh, it has nothing to do with you personally!
Huh?
Well thanks you guys, that makes me feel a whole lot better.
Now are you going to listen to me or not?
[laughter]
Hey! We can do this!
We'll find a way outta this dump!
And we can grant that wish, my friends.
Who are you?
I am Apollonir.
An ancient Pyrus soldier.
I am Clayf.
A Subtera soldier.
I am Lars Lion.
A Haos soldier.
Exedra. Darkus.
And I am Frosch.
An Aquos.
Oberon. I am a Ventus soldier.
The Legendary Six Soldiers of Vestroia!
You've heard of us then?
Then we shall spare you a long winded history
of our plight.
What do you want?
Our mission is very clear.
We seek a new band of brothers to help save Vestroia
from total destruction.
Are you talking about us?
We have a little proposition.
You help us and we will help you
escape the Doom Dimension.
But first we must test your metal to see if you are
worthy of the challenge.
Worthy?
Yes.
We must put you through a series of tests.
Our mission is the same.
And we need your help to leave!
Yeah.
So, what kinda tests you talkin' about here?
And how do we know you're even gonna help us if we pass?
You can't...
Here's the deal.
If we help you, then we want you to release every single Bakugan
that's ever been sent to the Doom Dimension!
Impossible!
But it appears these beings really love their Bakugan!
We must help them!
I implore you!
Then it shall be so.
All Bakugan shall be released to your dimension.
Now, let us commence with your tests.
[all screaming]
Julie!
Gorem!
Where are we?
It looks like we're back at my house, Gorem!
[laughter]
What's going on?
And what happened to the others?
Oh! I'll just call them on my Baku-Pod!
I can't get any signal...
Oh c'mon, get me on line you stupid piece of...
[laughter]
Are you hearing what I'm hearing, Gorem?
This isn't your house, Julie. What?
We are still in the Doom Dimension.
Wait!
So are you saying all this isn't real then?
Hey Julie!
What's going on?
[applause]
Oh wow! Daisy!
Daisy?
Who's Daisy?
She's my older sister, that's who.
Oh Julie, I sure wish you'd quite calling me older!
Hey guys! It's me! What?
[applause]
Oh look, it's Tom!
What are you wearing?
Funny you should ask!
I was just on my way to Mars!
[laughter]
Okay, would someone please tell me what in the world's
going on here?
This is an illusion, Julie...
I sense Clayf's presence; therefore I would conclude
this is one of their tests.
Are you saying this is all fake?
That my sister and Tom aren't really real?
Julie, how about you and me in a quick Bakugan Battle?
Bakugan?
Now I think I'm starting to get it...
This shall be your test, Julie...
Clayf!
You must defeat your sister...
You ready to play, Julie?
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
El Condor Stand!
It's your move, Julie!
Nice try, Daisy, but let me show you how it's done!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tuskor Stand!
BAKUPOD: Battle has commenced.
Ability Card Activate!
Nose Slap!
Counter Ability Activate!
Dragoon!
BAKUPOD: El Condor Power increase detected.
My Special Dragoon Counter Ability let's me drain power
from your Bakugan in battle...
And without power, then you've got nothing!
Julie!
Hey, no sweat!
She just kinda caught me off guard.
No. Your power is limited...
Say What?
I'm no fool, Julie.
You could never win against Daisy.
Her use of strategy will always defeat you.
Wow!
Giddy-up!
It's true.
Daisy was always the star...
She was good at everything she did.
And compared to her, I was always...
Someone help meee!
...I was always, well, just a klutz...
But still...
I've lost to Daisy my whole life...
but I won't lose now!
Bakugan battles on right after these messages!
Now it's back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
El Condor Stand!
You're going down brawler!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Rattleoid Stand!
Wormquake Stand!
BAKUPOD: New battle engaged.
Like I said, Daisy won't beat me at Bakugan again!
Gate Card Open!
Grand Spirit!
BAKUPOD: Rattleoid power increase detected.
Check it out!
My Grand Spirit Gate Card lets me increase my power level
by fifty times that of any other Gate Card you play, Daisy!
Hmph!
You think that's enough to win this battle, Julie?
Ability Activate!
Spirit Canyon!
BAKUPOD: Wormquake Power increase.
You're kidding me!
Sorry sister, but my Spirit Canyon Ability neutralizes
your pathetic ability.
As I predicted.
You are no match for your older sibling.
I conclude that this challenge is a complete
waste of my time.
I can't do anything right...
It's always Daisy who's perfect...
Daisy! Daisy! Daisy!
There's still one more battle left to win!
Let's do this Gorem!
Bakugan Brawl!
Show 'em what we're made of, Gorem!
Gorem Stand!
Gate Card Open!
Get'em, Gorem!
Way to go, Gorem!
Now stay on 'em!
Not good...
It's the Quicksand Freeze!
I know I keep repeating myself,
but you have no chance of succeeding against Daisy's
Quicksand Freeze Ability.
Maybe I should battle against you personally
and show you and Gorem how this game is played.
Bakugan Brawl!
Clayf Stand!
I've heard he's the most powerful Subterra ever.
I don't stand a chance against him!
BAKUPOD: Clayf enters battle at 500 G's.
Just to give you a chance,
I'll stand back and observe, Gorem.
Bakugan Brawl!
Rattleoid Stand!
I've had enough of losing!
Ability Activate!
CopyCat!
Copy Dragoon!
My CopyCat Ability let's me copy the Ability of anything
that's been activated in battle and use it against it!
I told you I'd win and now that I'm back on track,
there's nothing that can stop me!
So are you ready for some more punishment?
Because this girl's on a mission!
Hmph! You really are starting to bore me, Julie.
I concede you won that battle,
but no matter what you do, in the end,
you will never win the war against your sister.
What ev's!
If you're trying to scare me,
you're wasting your breath, Clayf!
Your boastful words are meaningless to me.
Now let see you back them up...
What's going on?
What a minute...
I remember this...
This is from my elementary school Drama Festival...
I can't do this...
I don't even come close to having the same talent
as you Daisy...
You can do this, Julie.
I just know you can!
I can't... I can't...
You can!
I'm totally serious...
All you need is a little...
confidence, that's all.
You mean that?
But... once I went on stage...
Oh Romeo...
[audience laughing]
Shutt uppppp!
Make it stop... make it stop...
make it stop... make it stop...
No matter how hard you try to deny your failures,
they will always come back to haunt you.
Now, are you ready to admit defeat?
No!
No matter what tricks you play, I will not lose again!
Let's show them, Gorem!
Now it's personal, Clayf!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Here's what I think of your test!
Gorem Stand!
Gate Card Open!
Character Activate!
BAKUPOD: New battle has commenced.
Destroy him, Gorem!
Ability Activate!
Atomic Brave!
What?
Gorem!
You cannot... defeat me...
Gorem, no!
You are still too blind to see what's before your eyes.
Can you finally admit it, Julie?
You cannot defeat everything that is put in front of you.
Am I only fooling myself?
Is it true that I could never defeat you, Daisy?
Was I only dreaming that I could?
Come on, say something!
Say something!
Oh, forget it!
I'll just have to prove how wrong you are!
Ability Activate!
It's over, Julie...
Atomic Brave is an Ability that absorbs any additional power
that you attempt to give to your Bakugan in battle.
BAKUPOD: Atomic Brave
has intercepted all power from Ability Card.
Total amount...880 G's.
But... but that's impossible!
The battle ends here, Gorem!
Gorem!
[sound of laughter]
Why are they laughing at me?
Admit defeat.
You can never win against Daisy!
No! I can't hear you! I'm not listening!
[crying]
I am so sorry, Gorem...
but he's right...
I was never able...
to beat anyone at anything in my life!
GOREM: Why are you acting like this?
This isn't about Daisy.
This is about you, Julie!
About me?
But I don't understand?
Daisy.
[crying]
Oh Daisy, I'm so embarrassed...
I totally ruined that play!
I'm not like you! I'll never be!
There's nothing to be embarrassed about...
In fact, you were the star of the whole show, Julie.
I've never seen Romeo and Juliet as a comedy before!
Juliet was so charming!
Obviously she went to theatre school.
What did I tell you?
You're right!
Hey, you don't have to compare yourself to me...
Just be the best you can be.
Yes, now I remember!
My whole life changed that day because of Daisy!
That's when I realized I could just be me!
And it doesn't matter if I win or lose!
The important thing is to do my very best!
Because...
I am a somebodyyyy!
[groaning]
Oh Gorem!
BAKUPOD: Sensing Gorem power increase.
Impossible!
Freaky!
What just happened, Gorem?
Because you found your confidence again,
it allowed me to evolve, Julie!
Evolve?
Yes.
I am now Subterra Hammer Gorem!
You're Subterra Hammer Gorem...
Just call me Gorem.
Okay, Gorem.
Ability Activate!
Grand Impact!
Grand Impact is Gorem's special Ability that amps up
his power level by 200 G's and at the same time,
decreases his opponent's power by the exact same amount!
Okay Gorem...
I say it's time to finish what we started!
Yes! We won!
Daisy!
Daisy...
[loud applause]
It seems everyone is happy for your victory, Julie.
CLAYF: I hate to admit it
but, I never expected you to pass this test!
And now, there just might be a chance to save Vestroia!
Thank you everyone, thank you!
I love you all!
Thank you...
On the next episode of Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
it's Marucho's turn to take his test
in the Doom Dimension.
But talk about creepy!
His opponent is a frog in a bog!
But never fear!
Preyas is here!
I'll take on that wart-totting tadpole!
Marucho is worried, but with me in the game...
You gotta get me outta here, I can't do this!
Help me!
Ah man, that hurt!
Anyway, you gotta make sure you don't miss the next episode!
Bakugan Brawl!
My back...